doc: Fixes for the changelog (#7931)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

* :ref:`ble_nrf_dm` sample:

>   * Split the configuration of the :ref:`mod_dm` module from the :ref:`nrf_dm`.

Author: Seems to work locally without the nrfxlib prefix.  And the build error in CI is related to the flash patch library.

Common Application Framework (CAF)
----------------------------------

* :ref:`caf_ble_state`:

>   * Running on Bluetooth Peripheral no longer automatically send security request immediately after Bluetooth LE connection is established.
>     The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CAF_BLE_STATE_SECURITY_REQ` can be used to enable this feature.
>     The option can be used for both Bluetooth Peripheral and Bluetooth Central.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Running on Bluetooth Peripheral no longer automatically sends security request immediately after a Bluetooth LE connection is established.
    Use the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CAF_BLE_STATE_SECURITY_REQ` option to enable this feature.
    The option can be used for both Bluetooth Peripheral and Bluetooth Central.
```

  * :ref:`nrf_rpc_ipc_readme` library.

* :ref:`lib_flash_patch` library:

  * Allow the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_DISABLE_FLASH_PATCH` Kconfig option to be used on the nRF52833 SoC.

* :ref:`doc_fw_info` module:

  * Fixed a bug where MCUboot would experience a fault when using the :ref:`doc_fw_info_ext_api` feature.

* :ref:`lib_nrf_rpc`:

>   * These libraries can use different transport implementation for each nRF RPC group.

Author: @peknis , please check if this is correct. Changed to libraries as the link is for nRF RPC libraries

Reviewer: Indeed, the target says nRF RPC libraries, but there is only one library under that page.

Reviewer 2: I think we could mention :ref:`nrf_rpc_ipc_readme` instead for :ref:`lib_nrf_rpc`: and refer to as "This library"?

Author: Yes, I was thinking of this.

* Added:

>   * Documentation for the :ref:`lib_flash_map_pm` library.

Reviewer: If the library has been available already, but without documentation, this entry belongs here.
